Add OPA bundles release (#184)
kubescape/regolibrary: README.md

### Using the bundles
> Endpoints names are normalized to be used as a Rego package name. Here are some examples:
> ```
> host-pid -> host_pid
> Host_Ipc -> Host_Ipc
> foobar -> foobar
> ```
> To be sure, you can use the following regex to validate the endpoint name:
> ```python
> import re
> def normalize_rule_name(name) -> str:
>      return re.sub(r'[^a-zA-Z0-9_]', '_', name)
> ```

#### Rules
Rules endpoints uses the following naming convention:
```
data.armo_builtins.rules.<rule_name>.raw.deny
```
If there is a filter rule, it's available at the following endpoint:
```
data.armo_builtins.rules.<rule_name>.filter.deny
```
#### Controls
Controls endpoints uses the following naming convention:
```
data.armo_builtins.controls.<control_id>.deny
```
#### Frameworks
Frameworks endpoints uses the following naming convention:
```
data.armo_builtins.frameworks.<framework_name>.deny
```

### Settings
When evaluating frameworks or controls, you can control the amount of metadata the results will contain by using the `data.settings`.

Available settings:

> - `data.settings.verbose`: If set to `true`, the evaluation will return a list with an entry for each alert message. Each alert message include the alert message itself, the control metadata (if evaluated as part of a control), and the framework metadata (if evaluated as part of a framework).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `data.settings.verbose`: If set to `true`, the evaluation will return a list with an entry for each rule response. Each rule response include the rule response itself, the control metadata (if evaluated as part of a control), and the framework metadata (if evaluated as part of a framework).
```

- `data.settings.metadata`: If set to `true`, the evaluation will return a json object with the metadata of the rule, the control (if evaluated as part of a control), or the framework (if evaluated as part of a framework). This json object will have a field named `"results"`, with all the lower level results.

  When `data.settings.verbose` was set to `true`, it takes precedence over `data.settings.metadata`.

>   Here is an example of a framework evaluation using this setting:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Here is an example of a framework evaluation using the `data.settings.metadata` setting:
```

  ```json5
  {
    "name": "ArmoBest",
    "controlsNames": [...],
    "description": "",
    // Other framework metadata ...
    "results": {
      "C-0005": {
        "name": "API server insecure port is enabled",
        "controlID": "C-0005",
        // Other control metadata ...
        "results": [
          {
            "alertMessage": "API server insecure port is enabled",

>             // Other alert message fields ...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            // Other rule response fields ...
```

          }
        ]
      }
    }
  }
  ```

> - No settings: If no settings were set, the evaluation will return a list with an entry for each alert message. Each alert message include only the alert message itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- No settings: If no settings were set, the evaluation will return a list with an entry for each rule response. Each rule response include only the rule response itself.
```
